[OKTA-461263] Google authenticator integration guide (.NET SDK) (#3097)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/authenticators-google-authenticator/main/aspnet/challengeintegrationsteps.md

### 1 - 4: Sign-in and Select Authenticator

The challenge flow follows the same first four steps as the [enrollment flow](#integrate-sdk-for-authenticator-enrollment):

* Build a sign-in page on the client
* Authenticate the user credentials
* Handle the response from the sign-in flow
* Display a list of possible authenticator factors

### 5: Check Authenticator Status

> When the user selects Google Authenticator to authenticate themselves and clicks **Submit**, the form posts back to the `SelectAuthenticatorAsync` method. This checks whether the user is in Challenge Flow or Enrollment Flow.

Reviewer: "This checks whether the user is in Challenge Flow or Enrollment Flow." - consider rewriting the sentence as it's somewhat fragmented.

Author: Have rewritten this a bit.

    selectAuthenticatorOptions, (IIdxContext)Session["IdxContext"]);
```

> If the call is successful, the returned `selectAuthenticatorResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AwaitingAuthenticatorVerification` and the Challenge page should be displayed.

Reviewer: comma after `AwaitingAuthenticatorVerification`?

> If the call is successful, the returned `selectAuthenticatorResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AwaitingAuthenticatorVerification`, and the Challenge page should be displayed.

Reviewer 2: Display is transitive and requires an object to complete the meaning. Appears is intransitive and doesn't require an object to complete the meaning.

```suggestion
If the call is successful, the returned `selectAuthenticatorResponse` object has an `AuthenticationStatus` of `AwaitingAuthenticatorVerification`, and the Challenge page should appear.
```

Author: fixed
